right below me is a cliff big
enough to kill you
I guess some people really do
not understand it and not like
why here why are you doing this
continues do something else of
your life across the 20 largest
lecture on the planet with
videos long
let's go read stories to this
there's no reason to climb
mountains but you have this fire
inside you and I know that some
days in the blizzard and when
you can't see anything and
you're shaking because your
body's to kohls i know that
there was still Louis that's
when it's safe and just listen
to some music
so listen to Tom Waits and
crossing an ice cave there's
nothing better for me but
sometimes we like to make our
own you okay Beck bunnies key or
so the good
that's good and then you just
open the trap of the tat and
there's mountains all over 360
degrees around you there's no
other better places i want to be
running away
finding the way
good son yep